Cleanup after SORSE final (#468)
SORSE/sorse.github.io: _posts/programme/2020-06-23-call-for-contributions.md

fullcalendar: true
---

> The call for abstracts has been closed and SORSE has ended. [Read more]({{ "/" | relative_url }}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SORSE call for abstract submissions has now closed and the 2020/2021 series of events has ended. Take a look at the [programme]({{ "/programme/" | relative_url }}) page for details and videos of the past events.
```
